{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 COLORS: Since Florida Energy is a scientific related topic, I believe the website should reflect the seriousness of the issue and present itself in a professional way to be used amongst many different groups of people. I think having a lot of white space, for the background would look professional. Or something that looks clean, minimalistic, and to the point. It should not be too hipster-ish, colorful, instead it should be appropriate, relating to energy. \
\
TYPOGRAPHY: The typography should also reflect the seriousness, but potentially be inviting as well. I like the typography Seattle City Light\'92s current website uses. To me it seems like it is a softer type of font, but it also looks professional. It is not Times New Romans official, and it\'92s not comic sans. It strikes a happy medium between professional and inviting. The Portland General Electric site also strikes a good balance, but I feel this is slightly more \'93professional\'94 and serious-looking. A thicker type of helvetica that is clean and not too hipster-isn. \
\
LAYOUT: I\'92m a big fan of less is more. The current website has way too many nav categories, some are redundant as well. I would try to minimize and combine as many categories as possible, that makes sense. Looking at both SCL\'92s and PGE\'92s website, both have a certain level of minimalistic features that I would like to copy. I like SCL\'92s background tulip field, it makes the page field more open and endless. There is a minimal amount of nav at the top, a lot of open space in the middle, and then a huge nav at the bottom. Personally I would get rid of this whole bottom, since all of that information is already in the top nav. So I\'92d like to have one nav at the top, encompassing all potential categories. A minimal amount of text would be ideal, I would try to trim up some of that write up on the home page. Cut the search bar from the top, get a color scheme that is minimal but clean, maybe tinker with a background image that relates to energy/nature/sustainability, reduce the footer, get rid of the side navbar and just have the page be really clean. I like PGE\'92s page with the side nav, I feel that takes up a lot of prime real estate. I do like their modules/boxes which help ease the user into navigating different links. I like the POWER OUT option that is in a big square on the main page. The thing that I can take away from the PGE page is to display what needs to be most importantly displayed and make sure the user can get to it in a simple flow. Overall, I\'92d have one nav near the top, remove the banner/make the background one big image, and keep everything minimal, to the point. I would reduce the footer, and make all links smaller, or get rid of it entirely and add that information in an about us page. The most important things will be first, and it will flow onwards in levels of decreasing importance. \
\
INSPIRING DESIGNS: I included links to webpages I feel would fit the energy/sustainability topics, some things like typography should be ignored, but the overall design and flow I think would look great.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.siteinspire.com/websites/4619-unfun"}}{\fldrslt https://www.siteinspire.com/websites/4619-unfun}} - would probably not use this, but I kind of like the four square quadrant layout. Each could be the overall main topic, About Us, FESC Projects, Reports, Outreach, something like that. When you click on one or hover over, four different squares could pop out with other topics under that main topic. \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.siteinspire.com/websites/7793-intersection"}}{\fldrslt https://www.siteinspire.com/websites/7793-intersection}} - I like the single background image, the clean font in the body, and the clean navbar. Something like this would make sense to me and would still get the same message/point across just as well as the current FESC website.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.siteinspire.com/websites/7963-l-observatoire-international"}}{\fldrslt https://www.siteinspire.com/websites/7963-l-observatoire-international}} - another clean looking website, with a cool looking nav. \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.siteinspire.com/websites/7675-simons-foundation"}}{\fldrslt https://www.siteinspire.com/websites/7675-simons-foundation}} - this is probably the most realistic and most fitting. it looks the most scientific. It has many of the features and layout that I would use. A simple navbar at the top, I like the search function, the background image, and other categories in the body. I like how you scroll down, the user is introduced to other features. the yellow works well with the current blue. Something like this would work, with less categories. One simple page. }