{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Proposal for the Florida Energy Systems Consortium Website\
\
The purpose of the redesign is to improve the website\'92s navigability, ease of use, responsiveness, and enhance the overall code. \
\
Running the web page performance test, if the user is in Florida accessing the site on Google Chrome there is a 4.511s load time. This seems a little slow. It appears the images and javascript are the biggest things to load.  If the user is in Florida and using Firefox, they can expect a 5.570s load time, which is slow. Again the images and javascript are the biggest things to load.\
\
On large 24\'94 screens, the website looks pleasing enough. Elements don\'92t feel clustered together and the left navbar and body are aligned in the middle. On tablet 7\'94 screens and larger, there is no responsiveness. The user has to scroll to completely view the site. This is the same for all mobile devices. The user has to scroll constantly to view the website, I did notice the footer aligned differently when viewed on a mobile device.\
\
In terms of functionality, the navbar links work, all images load, all information is there. It is just not pleasant to use. The website feels cluttered, a few links in the top navbar also exist in the left navbar as well. It doesn\'92t feel too intuitive. \
\
The expected users are people in Florida who work in the energy / renewable energy industry, various government departments, university departments, students, and ultimately tax payers. \
\
All forms of device support would be necessary. Field research notes could be taken on tablets, mobile phones, and ultimately loaded to computers. Ease of use across all devices is important.\
\
I would recommend to consolidate both navbars into one overall navbar, with as few as overall links as possible. I think removing the left bar would look better. Remove the top of the page search function. Improve the javascript to minimize load times and re-size images or change resolutions to improve load times. The overall responsiveness has to be changed as there currently is not any from what I can tell. Starting with these recommendations would improve the site\'92s overall look, navigation, load times, and responsiveness across all devices. }